[v0.26.0] Add Nhost to Auth Docs (#562)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/authentication.md

+++

### Nhost

+++ View Installation and Setup

#### Installation

The following CLI command will install required packages and generate boilerplate code and files for Redwood Projects:

```terminal
yarn rw setup auth nhost
```

#### Setup

> Update your .env file with the following settings which can be found on your project's dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update your .env file with the following setting which can be found on your Nhost project's dashboard.
```

```terminal
yarn rw setup auth nhost
```

#### Setup

Update your .env file with the following setting which can be found on your Nhost project's dashboard.

- `NHOST_BACKEND_URL` with the unique Nhost Backend (Auth & Storage) URL for your project.

#### Usage

Nhost supports the following methods: 

* email/password
* OAuth (via GitHub, Google, Facebook, or Linkedin).

Depending on the credentials provided:

* A user can sign in either via email or a supported OAuth provider.
* A user can sign up via email and password. For OAuth simply sign in and the user account will be created if it does not exist.
* Note: You must enable and configure the OAuth provider appropriately. To configure these providers, you can go to the project's Settings -> Sign-In Methods page at `console.nhost.io`.

For the docs on Authentication, see: <https://docs.nhost.io/auth>

If you are also using Nhost as your GraphQL API server, you will need to set `skipFetchCurrentUser` when creating the Nhost client, as follows:

```js
const nhostClient = createClient({
  baseURL: 'https://backend-REPLACE.nhost.app',
  autoLogin: false,

>   skipFetchCurrentUser: true, 

Reviewer: Sorry if I was unclear, but this is actually not how that setting is used. Instead you're supposed to add it as a prop to `<AuthProvider>`

Like this

```tsx
<AuthProvider client={nhost} type="nhost" skipFetchCurrentUser>
```

Author: @Tobbe I am sorry, this is what happens when you do things late at night. What a miss 🙄

Reviewer: Looking good now 👍
